Dad?
I'll definitely check things out
Uncle will give you an explanation.
It's you how did you find my house
I have something to tell you.
You try it, go in and say it.
You are Shen Ao's son
You and your dad
Make them laugh.
Don't mention my dad in front of me
Come on.
Don't let me mention your dad
Then your dad came to me
What are you trying to do when you approach the paper cup? What about you?
Are you here for revenge?
Shen Lang
Do you know why your grandfather has so many of your presses?
soldier
And even hide your identity
Tell me everything you made
Today I can
Forgive you.
Do you think I'm afraid of death?
Boy, there are some things you still don't know
Come on.
I will
The neighbor's personal relationship with my parents
So
What should Crape Myrtle know?